What do cats call an aquarium?  A sushi bar!
What did the pineapple say to the salad?    Lettuce be friends!
Where do penguins keep their savings?   In a snow bank!
I gave my parrot a cracker the other day.   Not sure it suited the paper hat though!
What was the snowman doing in the vegetable patch?  Picking his nose!
When is a turkey dinner bad for your health?    When you're the turkey!
Why did the turkey join the band?   Because it had the drumsticks!
What do you call it when a family passes down a turkey recipe?  Copy and basting!
What do you get if you cross a Turkey and a centipede?  Drumsticks for everyone at Christmas!
How does Darth Vader enjoy his Christmas turkey?    On the dark side!
What did the turkey say to the hunter on Christmas? Quack, quack!
What do ducks do before Christmas dinner? Pull their Christmas quackers!
What happens if you eat Christmas decorations?  You get tinsel-itis!
What did the big cracker say to the small cracker during the Christmas Eve dinner?  My pop is bigger than yours!
What do you sing at Santa's birthday party? Freeze a jolly good fellow!
What's a parent's favourite Christmas carol?    Silent night!
Who brings teeth gifts for Christmas?   Santa Floss!
How do sheep greet each other at Christmas? Merry Christmas to ewe!
Why didn’t the Christmas tree perform well on its algebra test? It got stumped by all the questions!
How do you turn a Christmas tree into a reindeer?   You decorate it with HORNaments!
What should you never eat on New Year’s Eve?    Fire Crackers!
Knock, knock! Who's there? Mary and Abbie! Mary and Abbie who?  Mary Christmas and a Abby New Year!
What kind of androids do you find in the Arctic?    Snobots!
How does a Penguin build a LEGO house?  Igloos it together!
Why wouldn’t Ebenezer Scrooge eat at the pasta restaurant? It cost a pretty penne!
What does Elsa put in Olaf's stocking for Christmas?    A lump of Cold!
Why did the desert animals get no Christmas presents last year? Because the lion had sandy claws!
Why did nobody bid for Donner and Blitzen on eBay?  They were two deer!
Which Christmas carol do dogs like best?    Bark the Herald Angels Sing!
Did you hear about the cheesy comedian? He had some crackers!
